734 update readme (#735)
massalabs/thyra: README.md

# MassaStation: An entrance to the Massa blockchain

[![CI](https://github.com/massalabs/thyra/actions/workflows/api.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/massalabs/thyra/actions/workflows/api.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/massalabs/thyra/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=592LPZLC4M)](https://codecov.io/gh/massalabs/thyra)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/massalabs/thyra)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/massalabs/thyra)

## Install MassaStation

To install MassaStation, please follow the instructions available in the [Installation Guide](./INSTALLATION.md).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all kinds, from bug reports to feature requests and code contributions.

If you're interested in contributing to MassaStation, please make sure to read our [Contribution Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions on how to get started. 

## Going further

> ### Install plugins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modules (aka Plugins)```

# MassaStation: An entrance to the Massa blockchain

[![CI](https://github.com/massalabs/thyra/actions/workflows/api.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/massalabs/thyra/actions/workflows/api.yml)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/massalabs/thyra/branch/main/graph/badge.svg?token=592LPZLC4M)](https://codecov.io/gh/massalabs/thyra)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/massalabs/thyra)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/massalabs/thyra)

## Install MassaStation

To install MassaStation, please follow the instructions available in the [Installation Guide](./INSTALLATION.md).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions of all kinds, from bug reports to feature requests and code contributions.

If you're interested in contributing to MassaStation, please make sure to read our [Contribution Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for detailed instructions on how to get started. 

## Going further

### Modules (plugins)

> MassaStation is a module manager. It enables everyone to use, create and enjoy different modules to add features to the Massa blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MassaStation is a module manager. It enables everyone to use, create and enjoy different modules to activate features to the Massa blockchain.
```

#### Install a module

You can install modules that were validated by Massa Labs from the [Module Store](https://station.massa/store/).

> The module will be installed and activated after a few seconds. You can now use it in MassaStation !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module will be automatically installed and activated after a few seconds directly in your Station. Browse MassaStation store to find the module you need.
```

#### Create a module

> If you are working on a module, you can install it manually in MassaStation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are working on a module, you can install it manually to test it using MassaStation:
```
